Make it so actions aren't marked as risky in safe areas.

---

Add all 8 regions, including attached bosses and minions and monster templates:
Top:
- Barren Wasteland (safe)

Right:
- Tangled Jungle
- Noxious Ruins
- Rumbling Tunnels

Left:
- Burnt Village
- Stronglandia (working name)
- Digital Forest

Bottom:
- Waterfall City (safe)

Add 8 levels of exploration within each region.

Move log visually to the side of the other areas to make it easier to read.

Rework Will to be Resilience where mentioned.

Add a "dominant resource" to each region, and when players hunt spirits in that region also have them gain Power/Intellect/Resilience associated resources (Red Spirit, Blue Spirit, Green Spirit?).

Also gain the regions resource for defeating bosses/minions.

Require special resources to upgrade stats past level 2.

Add "types" to monsters, and reduce the costs of their governing stat by 25% (up to 50% if both primary and secondary are of the same type family). Default monster is Bond associated.

Add images for each domestic monster and display them on the monster info page.

Add images for each boss monster and display them during the boss fight.

Rework shared healing such that it only triggers on the monster who gains the Spirit.

Add a Fear ability that when active makes all actions by this monster not-risky.

Add a Desire ability that increases the spirit gain by 0.5 when hunting spirits.

Add a Faith ability that let's this monster Ressurect without harming the player.

Add mechanics such that activated abilities can add actions to the monster's action list while active.

Add a Strength ability that allows the hunting of bigger spirit, which takes longer and offers more rewards.

Make it so explore is disabled when a region is fully explored.

Add a Cunning ability that let's you Explore with this monster.

Add a Persistence ability that allows an action to be repeated automatically by adding a new button to all actions that lets you toggle automate on/off.

Whenever something is disabled (except by combat) add something to it's mouseover description to explain why it's disabled.

Add descriptions to EVERYTHING, especially the activate/deactivate buttons for abilities.