Make an Idler/Clicker version of my classic Eidolon game

The player has various "action" buttons, that belong to families. Every action causes a cooldown for that family.

Actions increase Monster skills, grant Monster resources, and grant Material resources.

By default, the player has one action family, Monster, with one action, Hunt Wisp.

Clicking this disables the button and displays a 4 second timer.

After the timer runs out, the button is re-enabled.

Hunt Wisp grants a small amount of experience to the Hunt skill, and grants a Monster resource based on the region you're in (ignore for now), plus a generic Monster resource called Spirit.

Players see the result of the action on the right text bar, in the Monster family color.

Once the player has gathered four Spirit (which will take two hunts), the Monster "grows in strength, and may increase their skills".

Two new tabs are added, one of which is already selected, "Action". The other is "Monster".

Clicking Monster takes you to the Monster page, which lists your monster stats and has various actions that can be taken with various costs.

The only stat listed is Bond, at level 0/1. Next to it is a plus icon.

Mousing over Bond shows a description, "Strengthens the connection between a character and their monster."

Mousing over the plus icon shows a description: "Cost: 4 Spirit"

Clicking the plus icon raises the level of the Bond to 1, removes 4 spirit from the player's resources, and, since the bond is now at max level, disables the + button.

This adds an Ability to the Ability list called "Shared Healing Level 0/1"

A 0/1 is present in the Abilities header

The ability header is not visible until the first ability is unlocked

The ability looks like a button and starts disabled, with a "Train" button next to it.

The description for Train is "Costs 0 Spirit".

Clicking "Train" starts a timer that works like using an action. 

Finishing increases the level of the skill.

Since the ability is now at max level, the Train button is removed.

Change the "levels" of abilities to simply whether or not the ability has been "Learned"

When the timer finishes, the "Activate" ability button appears.

Clicking the Activate button adds the ability to the enabledAbilities list and marks it as enabled.

Enabled abilities do not display the Activate button, but instead display a Deactivate button.

The deactivate button deactivates the activity.

Enabled abilities have a colored border around them, deactivated abilities do not.

The Ability counter now displays #{number of activated abilities}/#{intellect} instead of 0/1.

Mousing over the ability says the following: "While The Orphan is damaged, some of the spirit gained by this monster will be siphoned off to heal them."

Add Assist ability and increase the max level of Intellect by 1

These ability functions do not have to be implemented yet, the abilities themselves should appear and be activatable.

When the maximum number of abilities are enabled, activating abilities should no longer work and any other Activate buttons should disappear.

When an ability is training, no other abilities can be trained and any other Train buttons should disappear.

Mousing over the train description should say how many seconds/minutes/hours the ability takes to train.

While training, the progress bar should also contain a countdown for how many seconds remain. 

When Shared Healing is activated a new tab is added, Orphan.


Selecting this tab shows the player name, currently "Wayward Orphan", and will later show their stats but doesn't right now.

It says the player is "Diminished" with a value of 3. Mousing over shows the description "The Orphan is unconscious, injured, and drained of energy. Requires {diminished} Spirit to revive."

The value for diminished is tracked as part of the player object.

The player may now return to hunting Wisps. While Shared Healing is active, #{power} points of spirit, up to the Spirit gained, by the monster from each hunt (up to the maximum amount to heal the orphan) goes towards reducing the Orphan's diminished status.

Move monster actions to the monster object, and character actions to the character object

Have the views generated instead of hardcoded

When the Orphan is no longer Diminished a new action family "Player" is added to the Actions page.

The player family has two actions, "Explore" and "Care".

Care increases the monster's Affinity resource.

Add a "regions" object, with a currentRegion value and a regions list, which includes the current region - "Blackened Wasteland".

Explore raises Awareness of the local area.

Exploring adds a new tab "Region". 

Clicking on the Region tab displays a list of 1 item, that says the name of the current region and a percentage of aware to explored (1/8 so 12.5%) and the words "Current Location".

Every time the player explores, the percentage raises.

Reaching 2 awareness reveals a "Skeleton carrying an Old Scabbard" in the descriptive text.

Reaching 3 awareness reveals another skeleton with a broken music box.

At 4 awareness, an Exit is revealed, and a new Region is added to the Region list, "Tangled Jungle".

At 8 awareness, an Exit is revealed, and a new Region is added to the Region list, "Forgotten Village".

--

Tangled Jungle does not display "Current Location" and instead displays a button, "Travel".

Travel buttons are disabled if either the player or monster are busy (abilities being trained is fine!).

Selecting travel sets the currentRegion to "inTransit" using the same logic as actions except it sets both player and monster actions to Busy.

Implement the travel button as a standard timer.

When it finishes, the player's current region becomes the region they clicked to travel to and their actions are re-enabled.

Displays should correctly say which region the player is in and where they can travel to.

Refactor stats so they are added to the stat list dynamically instead of hardcoded on the page.

Allow each stat to be raised up to level 3.

Require Affinity to level up a stat as well as Spirit.

Increasing the player's Power increases the effect of both Shared Healing (1 point siphoned per point of power) and Assist (an additional 10% improvement to player speed per point of Power)

Increasing intellect allows equipping more abilities.

Implement "Assist" ability.

Save state of the application in a cookie so it's not lost if the player closes the tab 

Get a Github

END PHASE 1